# Project-1
This project was created in a CS-231 course I took as a freshman at Jacksonville State University. In this course we studied the basics of C++. This project was used to gain a logical understanding of the use and benefits of header and driver files. Through the use of this project, I gained a clearer and deeper understanding to the reasons for header and driver files and how their use in C++ plays a very prominent and effective role. 
This project was called codebreaker. The computer has created the secret code, and your mission is to guess it! After you register your guesses with the computer, it will respond with numbers that analyze your guesses: 'CORRECT' indicates the number of digits that are the correct identity AND in the correct places, and'MISPLACED' indicates the number of digits of the correct identity that are NOT in the correct places.
The length of the code that you are guessing is only 4 digits long. It's unit range from 1-6. The user has 12 guesses to guess the secret number before the computer prints out the unguessed secret number.
This project included everything we had learned in the course so far, including: constants, number generators, flags, while loops, for loops and nested for loops, if then else statements, incrementation, input/output streams, and much more. It also utilized the use of functions, which was something we had learned fairly recently to starting the project. Throughout the project I learned about the different types of function definitions. I also learned how to created a fully functioning function definition and declare a return type. One such example is the function named string generate_code(). It generates a four-digit secret code at random using randint() helper functions. It then returns the generated code as a string. 
Something that I extremely enjoyed learning about in the project was how a function call could be named the same, yet be different by the parameters that it accepts. One such example is the randint() function call. One function call accepts a single int parameter, randint(int max), while another function call accepts two int parameters, randint(int min, int max). It was very intriguing to learn how these two functions could co-exist with the same function name, yet still be very different. 
Working on this project was a very rewarding experience for me. C++ was by no means an easy language to learn, but at the same time it was very thrilling to learn. I was always hesitant about C++. It is known to be one of the hardest programming languages to learn and to get a hang of. This project was by no means easy for me. I had a hard time learning it, but I think that is why I am so proud of this project. Looking back at it now, after gaining more coding experience, I think of how simple of a task it was to complete. At the time, I did not have the same opinion about it. This project gave me a deeper understanding of C++, and, in a way, a love for it. I am a person that will not stop until I have a finished product. This project forced me to think outside the box. It stretched my brain and forced me to think as a creator and inventor, which is something I had never needed to do before. It gave me my first real coding experience, and reminded me of just why I loved coding in the first place, and why I decided to pursue my love for it. 
